[Music]
I'm wearing pink today matching the pink
scrunchie with a hoodie on top
these are Jim shark leggings so morning
this is Pinner his favorite feels she's
wearing this hat by the way she's got a
bit of a skin irritation so it just
keeps doing it she loves it here and
it's always relatively quiet but she's
just having a lovely day so far today
I'm back with a what I eat in a day
video they're queens actually since I've
filmed one of these so here we are you
can hit the now probably drink in she's
always doing something Sue's I've got
the camera that's like you think morning
crazy that's wait hasn't it life in heck
it's been having a little binky binky
you've been dancing around my kitchen
this morning so that's like being a bit
of a routine thing that I've been doing
every morning when I wake up I just make
sure I put some music on and dance
around and it just brightens my morning
and have a breakfast first plan out my
day will do that if you could hit this
video with a lot it really supports my
channel and I really appreciate it and
we'll go ahead and start to my day with
my all-time favorite breakfast at the
moment which is my baked oats not had
them in a few days as well so I'm even
more excited seeing you guys on
Instagram have also been trying this
recipe and I'm so glad that you have
been enjoying it as well and as much as
I absolutely Luis I've just preheated my
oven to 180 degrees and also I just had
to show you we've got these scales the
white one broke completely started to
upgrade to this one last of all been in
quarantine is like the little things
isn't it that you've got to get excited
are you just
go mad and be sad for the baked oats
this is what you're going to need some
roll dough and cookies and cream whey
protein you could use that whatever
flavor you've got at home it just worked
the same egg whites and you could use
just like two egg whites from like
normal acres worth you don't have those
I'm almond milk that's some frozen
blueberries couple vanilla flavor drop
and just baking powder
it's which you might have in Kate for
breakfast it's so nice 40 grams or 50
grams of milk 45 grams of egg white
[Music]
couple of these vanilla if they drop
these are just and they I used to I've
used them for so long now as we help
about a teaspoon of baking powder and
force-fed grams or haven't done this
before I'm going to put some baked
banana as well on the top of it
so the oats have gone in it only takes
about 25 minutes I'm just going to set
myself Italian I'm going to tired you as
well and wait for this to cook right
anyway I'm going to I'm going to try out
this coffee pot I haven't tried this
failing for its own Macha italia
signature blend
[Music]
[Applause]
that isn't straight out of the oven
mouth watering for the talking I'm going
to use some of this sweet freedom
chocolate spread
it's chocolate sauce it's literally so
low-calorie like this amount this is not
13 cow for some peanut butter as well so
here we have it
on the beach banana taste amazing on top
as well so fluffy
[Music]
I'm just sat in my office and I'm just
gonna plan out my week and everything
today I actually bought something off
Facebook marketplace this or pops it in
my car and the boot wouldn't shoot so I
had to use some string to compete to go
in so I'm gonna have to show you that
this if you like I went through all that
hassle to get it here so it needs to be
shown you know heads up Pete I've
ordered some books and stuff to go in
but I already have with it and it just
needed it of something extra in this
room and that was what I needed anyway
I've got a new diary this is from CJD
London it how cute is that and last week
what I did was I'd like a notice Queen
like the past few days I've been
clearing out my notepads like to have
separate Diaries I want to like my daily
workout so I'll write in that almost
sets and reps and then I'll have one for
like daily journaling and then another
for like you like just general
day-to-day stuff that I need to do and
it all kind of just got me intertwined
like there was just everything
everywhere so I sorted all that out and
then I was like you know what it's time
for a new palette and this one is like a
hard book one which I'm all here for so
I wrote my name in it looks just like
her getting it don't worry we've got
today's plan a quote of the day shopping
list breakfast lunch and dinner like
whatever daily exercise so I'll just
write down if it's gonna be late day but
what kind of going to do but I just like
how this was set out because if he's
basically what I was doing in my general
today today to do thick rather than just
like having that it's going to be a lot
more organized and we live an organized
queen
[Music]
so I've just written this or like I'm
not going to date - oh so it for my self
care I'm quite looking forward to
stretching today I'm trying to increase
my flexibility and movement not how I
want to feel was really helped when I do
like my daily to-do and stuff like that
it'll just makes me think more like
about natural day and then also you want
to share loved who that was just
something like can be as small or as big
as you like but I think I'll leave a
link to it so it's 20 past 2 and it's a
lunchtime this is actually a bit later
and I normally have my lunch but the
baked oats actually kept me full for
quite a while it sounds going to me like
a chickpea schwarmann with a pizza I
think that's how you pronounce it this
is really quick and easy - and it's also
a vegetarian I'm not easy to me it's
what I'm really liking chickpeas in a
minute I love baking with the cooking
with them they're just so versatile so
I've just preheated my oven and and
forth about this all you're gonna need
is some chickpeas and I'm just using
these for the seasonings and garlic
Italian seasoning it's a bit of ground
cinnamon and hot paprika of extra virgin
olive oil we're gonna add some red onion
a pepper tomatoes and a whole meal to
bring off the chickpeas and then I'm
gonna make like two portions worth so
for me and Mason a tablespoon of olive
oil
[Music]
and then they just take about 20 minutes
to bacon over until we go like a little
bit crispy I'm just gonna chop these
veggies when these are half of you just
want to just stop tossing all over a
little bit to pop the back here so I'm
going to add some cottage cheese it's a
little bit of light Mayo
so here we have it here is my lunch very
colorful on a lunch break
[Music]
we have been obsessed with this
snowpiercer shirt the episodes come out
weekly that saying things you can't like
Bindya all in one what's gonna happen a
little bit these Rockets are so good
that a sweet and salty flavor that's so
nice tomorrow I've been sorting out is
here I've gone through all my active
Wester and I have an addiction so I need
to do something with this whole pile
because that draw was just completely
over feelings so I'm gonna chain of body
stay and love training shoulders at the
moment and I just wanted to pop on if
anyone else has kind of been feeling
like me lately last week was just really
strange weeks like I just couldn't sort
of be my motivation I think it's because
we've been in lockdown for so long and
it is just like oh my goodness if
they're like they had another tunnel and
there definitely is but and don't worry
if you have like moments of just sort of
like a lack or feeling a bit lost and
it's like that we will get through this
period something I wrote in my caption
yesterday is movement is medicine like
even if you're really not feeling that
working out just do something at to move
your body that go out on a walk
throughout times I've got an award
hearing just feeling really like oh just
lethargic or just like your head's all
over the place as soon as you've got out
some pressure you always come back and
what I know I do I always come back with
a completely different Minds I try not
to put too much pressure on yourself I
know I'm terrible for that like
I am my own worst enemy sometimes if you
saw on video maybe I was going on about
a pre-workout and I've got this mocker
coffee one used to grow a pre-workout
this is the only brand I've actually
found that I really like to taste on
[Music]
at the barbershop in here I ended up
working out so late today which wasn't
the plan but yeah I'm gonna start making
some dinner and then jump in the shower
and everything I'm gonna have beef
stroganoff it's like my sort of healthy
take on it I'm just using two packs of
beef stir-fry strict's I've got these
from muscle food I'm making obviously
for me and Mason and then one large
onion beef stock heat for the sauce I'm
just using what I've got in another you
got some Greek yogurt but natural yogurt
would probably be best and then some
mushrooms some girls for the beef
seasoning I'm using some Worcester basta
Worcestershire Worcestershire sauce for
their beef and some paprika is
Worcestershire Worcestershire sauce in a
separate thing so I can measure it'd be
easier
[Music]
so just got the onion garlic everything
nice little Bowl
I put the remainder of like the beef
juices and then just going to add some
hot water with a stop key into this bowl
and then slowly just whisk a little bit
of this in a time and then at 40 spoons
of yogurt and I'm leaving that on a low
heat for about half an hour it's after
half an hour I just left it to simmer it
smells amazing
I used the instant pot to cook some rice
it literally takes less than 20 min in
my dressing gown so that is my final
meal of the day
beef stroganoff or that was having some
protein ooh yogurt with that chocolate
spread that I had this morning and a bit
of peanut butter so it's actually the
next day now I completely forgot to
finish off that vlog and but yeah that
brings us to the end of this video I
really hope you enjoyed it let me know
what other videos you would be
interested in see next and if you
haven't already and if you haven't
already don't forget to subscribe to my
channel and I'll see you guys in the
next video